lambda.md : Add the lambda flow section (#319)
facebookexperimental/resctl-demo: resctl-bench/doc/lambda.md

}
```

We also store the credential parameters required to file a github issue in AWS Systems Manager -> parameter store.

> Lambda uses github app [iocost-issue-creater](https://github.com/apps/iocost-issue-creater) to file a github issue, thus it's credentials information `App Id` and `Private Key` are stored in AWS parameter store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lambda function uses a GitHub app [iocost-issue-creater](https://github.com/apps/iocost-issue-creater) to file a GitGub issue, thus it's credentials information `App Id` and `Private Key` are stored in the AWS parameter store.
```

AWS lambda flow
===============
1. User generates the benchmark result on their device.
`$ resctl-bench -r "$RESULT_JSON" --logfile=$LOG_FILE run iocost-tune`
2. User uploads the result to aws lambda function url as:
`resctl-bench -r <RESULT_JSON> upload --upload-url  <AWS lambda function URL>`
e.g  

> `$resctl-bench --result resctl-bench-result_2022_07_01-00_26_40.json.gz upload --upload-url https://ygvr6jnjckwamfao5xztg6idiu0ukjeb.lambda-url.eu-west-1.on.aws`

Reviewer: Need to confirm the URL first.

3. Lamda is tiggered automatically in AWS.
     - It saves the benchmark result to S3 bucket.

>      - Then creates an issue in [iocost-benchmarks](https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks) project using [iocost-issue-creater](https://github.com/apps/iocost-issue-creater) github app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Then creates an issue in the [iocost-benchmarks](https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks) project using [iocost-issue-creater](https://github.com/apps/iocost-issue-creater) GitHub app.
```

>      - Issue contain a link to benchmark result stored in s3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Issue contains a link to the benchmark result stored in an S3 bucket.
```

     e.g https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks/issues/88

### Lambda workflow:

> Client uploads the benchmark result (above steps) -> AWS Lambda runs -> save result to s3 bucket -> Create github Issue with link of result stored in s3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User uploads the benchmark result (following the above steps), the AWS Lambda function runs and saves the result into the S3 bucket, then the Lambda function creates a GitHub Issue with a link to the result stored in the S3 bucket.
```

> Thereafter it's job of [iocost-benchmarks project](https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks) to import and merge the results with existing database and generate final hwdb file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The submitted result is further processed by the CI workflows running in the [iocost-benchmarks](https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks/) repository, importing and merging the results with the existing database and finally generating the hwdb file.
```
